It's all my fault
I should have sent more people to protect you
Don't worry.
You solved those killers for me.
I believe I will never come to me again
Braggart
Those killers are not vegetarians
You are the only one who wants to solve them.
Do you have the strength?
Okay, say less
Can I use that power?
No need for you to be too fierce
Brother Fei, where have you been?
Revenge and destroy the Zhao family
Qin Dongdong, what happened to the Zhang family tonight
I need someone to know
Please help me find the message.
The Zhang family is the head of the four major families
Just because you want to destroy the Zhang family
I think you are delusional
And Lord Qin is the governor of the lower middle
Is it something you can order at will?
Hey you
Look, my lord, he has no respect for you at all
I don't know what you like about him
Okay.
I know what I do
Pass my order
Assemble all the guards of the Governor's Palace
Stand by
Extraordinary no matter what you do
I will follow you without hesitation
What the hell is going on?
Who is so brave
How dare you touch my father Zhang?
You still have to call the shots for me?
It's all about our bastard
Not only did he hit me, he threatened
You want to destroy our Zhang family?
actually
Pepper's men were killed by that trash
Ye Feifan